Add search tip (#903)
PrestaShop/docs: src/content/1.7/modules/concepts/hooks/list-of-hooks.md

## Full list

{{% notice tip %}}
**Tip:** Some hooks whose names include a page or component name are described generically using placeholders. If you can't find a hook like `actionAdminCustomersFormModifier`, try searching for `FormModifier`. 
{{% /notice %}}

> 

Reviewer: maybe we should clarify that these are the dynamic hooks, which is why we can list them all, which is why we have written them in a generic way.

Author: ```suggestion
{{% notice tip %}}
**Search tip:** Some hooks are generated dynamically, so their names are documented in a generic way.

For example, `actionAdminCustomersFormModifier` is documented as `action<AdminControllerClassName>FormModifier`, so you won't find it if you search for the exact name. When you see a controller name or action in the hook name and you can't find it, try searching for a part of the hook name, like `FormModifier`.
{{% /notice %}}

```

Reviewer: Yeah ✌🏿
